---
layout: post
title:  "Friend"
date:   2019-12-19 00:00:00 +0530
tags: bsdiary
---

> Probably wrote this as I was hurting someone or was getting hurt

---

Humans are complex animals, and for all their evolutionary advantages, they still never managed to crack solitude. A social creature by nature, they seem to wither away at the absence of others around them. The concept of family and friends, still rule our lives.

It’s said that at most you can have 150 close relationships. Out of this, only five can be in your innermost circle, and normally family fills this circle pretty fast. There may be one or two friends, that against all odds enter this circle. Thing is, this circle is fluid, people enter and leave at any given point. Most enter and exit slowly though, biding their time on their existing circle before slowly creeping in or out. Some blindside you, you turn around and they’re no longer there, and you’re left to wonder how long they had been absent. And there are others, that you forcibly push out of this circle and onto the next.

Pushing someone out is a risky manoeuver. If you’re the kind to routinely inspect your circle and prune it, because you don’t want to be blindsided yet again, this might be for you. If not, proceed with caution. The ideal case is when the decision is a consensus of the duo, but this is rarely the case. If you do make the decision to push someone out, review it many times over a longer spacetime to ensure that the decision is not influenced by temporary emotions. Ensure that the decision arrived is the correct one for you in the long run, and if at all possible, have an out for future you. Once you’re at this point, it might be worthwhile to take a final spin around removing the spacetime restrictions and checking that it still stands.

The decision is the hard part, implementation is simple enough, at least for the stone-hearted, just add spacetime, and bob’s your uncle.

