---
layout: post
title: "Meeting"
date: 2021-05-13 00:00:00 +0530
tags: story
---

> "Hi"

> "Hi"

> "Can I buy you a drink"

> "Sure"

> "So, whats a guy like you doing all the way out here"

> "I was expecting someone"

> "Oh, would they be joining soon, am I intruding"

> "No thats quite allright, sometimes what you wait for and what comes your way are different, and sometimes thats good. :smile:. How about you, whats your story?"

> "Oh, the usual, saw someone cute, thought I'd introduce myself. :smile:." 

> "I'm mark"

> "Jenna"

> "Would you like to see a magic trick"

> "I guess"

> "Think of a number"

> "Ok"

> "Three"

> "Wha.. How..."

> "Think of another one"

> "O..k"

> "Ten"

> "Okay, thats freaky, how'd you do it"

> "Magic"

> "Hey, no fair"

> "I'll tell you over dinner, how does that sound"

> "Smooth. sure" 

> "Would you like to walk over to the diners now?"

> "In a hurry are we?"

> ":laugh: Life's short, for most, so we might as well enjoy it now right"

> "Ha, sure, why not!"

----

> "I'm curious, you said you were waiting on someone, who was it"

> "Oh that, someone I'm fond of, and hope to make a good first impression on."

> "Ooh. enigmatic. -We'll have the specials, thank you-"

> "So what do you do?"

> "I'm a professor, at the university... Physics"

> "Hmmm, I'm more of an outdoorsy type, I'm a park ranger"

> "Cool...So.....How'd you do the trick?"

> "Oh that, thats quite easy, I just knew what you'd select already"

> "But how?"

> "You told me"

> "No I didn't"

> "But you will"

> "What?"

> "Okay, I confess, the person I was waiting for was you"

> "Ummm, are you stalking me?"

> "Nah, we have a couple of hours, enough time to explain. You're a time traveller, but you dont have any control over it. You'll travel for the first time in about two hours"

> "Ha Ha. Nice one. What like the time travelllers wife? Next you'll tell me you're immortal as well"

> "Oh but I am. :smile:"

> "I'm not buying it"

> "I know, you will in a bit. So the trick was simple, you told me what you were thinking to me, some years ago"

> "Ya right"

> "Well, I could prove it, but it would end up looking stalkerish. Lets just forget it for now and eat our dessert till times up. How about that"

> "Uh huh. Like I'd just evaporate out then"

> "Oh its more like a pop, and you do bring your clothes with you, thankfully"

> "You keep spinning this yarn"

> "Its alright, dont worry about it" 




