---
layout: post
title: "ARK"
date: 2022-04-14 00:00:00 +0530
tags: blog
---

> This happened in real life while I was going back home from bangalore on 14th April 2022

---

My shoes are ruined, my socks are drenched, and I'm happy. I'm at carmelaram railway station and it's raining cars and dogs here. I'm sitting underneath the waiting shed and still having to use an umbrella because the rain and wind is too strong. 

After a while or waiting around an old man and woman came slowly up to where I was sitting. They were waiting on someone coming from the next shed with an umbrella. He was here to pick them up from the station. He was a younger man. So I assumed the old man and woman would share and umbrella and walk together. But the guy has trouble walking and needs assistance so the young guy is walking with him to support him and the old woman is walking ahead intending to just go in the rain. 

I debated with myself about how I'd introduce myself and ask if they needed help. What ended up happening is that they stepped into the rain. And I gathered my things. And walked along with the woman and held my umbrella out to her. She was surprised at first and then smiled. We walked slowly along the station. There was a lot of water and my shoes were immediately drenched. She had her slippers in her hands. We were going the opposite way to the entrance intending to take the railway crossing just after the station since the main entrance was extremely muddy. 

Once the end of the station is near the husband is asking her repeatedly to be careful about her step. And she kept saying she didn't have a hand free since she was holding her slippers. So ended up taking her slippers from her offering an arm. She got down the end of the station walked a couple steps on the rocks on bare feet and then on to the railway crossing. And onto the road. She put on her slippers then. But they were immediately drowned in more water on the road. My shoes and socks were pretty much filled to the brim by then. 

We crossed the road and the younger man went ahead to get the car and the man and woman stood there sharing the umbrella. And I made my exit and came back with colder feet, and a warmer heart. 
