---
layout: post
title: "Book recommendations"
date: 2024-02-03 00:00:00 +0530
tags: blog
---

> I've realized that I seem to be recommeding books and giving excerpts for them more often than I care to. So imma collate that info here so that next time I can just give the link.

---

### Hall of Fame

> the content with a mix of genre's but are in my top tier list

- Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality (Eliezer Yudkowsky)

A fanfic in the harry potter world taking a look at how the story would have turned out had harry been rational (code for smarter). The antagonist in the story was amazingly well done.
The characters take on death and roles in life are so closely aligned with mine that it became an instant favourite.
This is a Rationality book masquerading as fanfiction, but the fanfiction portion of it is legitimately amazing.

- [Wandering inn](https://wanderinginn.com/) (Pirateaba)

Purely fantasy, with 11 million words, you can get amazing world building and intricate character work. By far my favourite work of fantasy world, this series has made my ugly cry multiple times due to how realistic the characters are, their wins are yours and you genuinely cheer at their growth.
Couple in a living world that changes and escalates as time goes on, its on the upper echelons of what a web series can achieve. Theres around 35 books worth of content already.
Genre: Epic Fantasy

- Bobiverse (Dennis E Taylor)

A set of three books (the fourth one we shall not acknowledge) about a self replication von neuman probe exploring the galaxy, saving humanity, playing exobiologist and dealing with threats. 
Pure scifi bliss from start to finish and Ray porter does an excellent narration for the books.
Genre: SciFi

- Immune (Philipp Dettmer)

This guy created kurzgesagt, obviously he's good at explaning stuff. 
It is very rare that there are subject matter experts who can explain a concept in a way that is simple and easy to follow, this book does an amazing job of guiding us through how our immune systme works.
Genre: Science

- Iron Prince (Bryce O connor)

Quintessential progression fantasy, guy is weak, but has secret that makes him get better faster. Puts in blood sweat and tears to get stronger.

### Fiction

#### LitRPG / Progression Fantasy

> This is pretty much 90% of what I read. Progression Fantasy and LitRPG. Main character starts off weak and then becomes strong by the end. Most of it is series and not single books

- Mother of learning (Nobody103)

Guy gets stuck in a timeloop, and has to learn enough magic to be able to stop a world ending disaster.

- Cradle (Will Wight)

A complete set of 12 books of our hero going from unpowered to truly overpowered. The epitome of progression fantasy with fun magic systems interesting characters.

- The captain (Will Wight)

Another will wight classic with magic and tech blend. This is the first time I've seen a fantasy setting mixed with scifi and it really pulls me in.

- The perfect run (Maxime Durand)

Time loops, super powers, aliens gods. Whats not to love.

- Dungeon Crawler Carl (Matt Dinniman)

Welcome to the apocalypse, sponsored by..., the apocalypse has been taken over as a media routine by aliens, the main character is fighting against it.

- Ascend Online (Luke Chmilenko)

A new VR world of a game to explore, and challenges to conquer

- Paranoid Mage (Inadvisably Compelled)

Learning how space magic works, this mage will start to overthrow the existing magical beurocracy to put something better in place

- Mark of the Fool (J M Clarke)

On going in royal road. A mark from a god that debilitates you instead of empowering you, follow the MC as he realizes the true origins of the mark and fights against fate.


#### Epic Fantasy

> Sprawling kingdoms, magic and dragons spanning entire volumes of text

- Stormlight archive (Brandon Sanderson)

Sanderson is a prolific writer who takes [breaks from books by writing other books](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6a-k6eaT-jQ). Stormlight archive takes place in an interconnected universe called cosmere that a lot of sanderson's books takes place in.
The reawakening of an ancient order of magic. With amazing lore and world building and realistic portrayal of human issues in a backdrop of magic.
Follow along as multiple characters take their own journey and trials through the world, as they meet culminating the the typical sanderlanch of amazing endings to each book.
If new to sanderson, start with mistborn instead of this, as it a lot easier to take in.

- The Expanse (James SA Corey)

A scifi epic, from humble beginnings to epic conclusions. Humanity expanding into the cosmos via artifacts left by unknown aliens.

- The Name of the Wind (Pat Rothfuss)

The epitome of prose building, the story of an orphan becoming a mage. Abadoned by the author for a decade, so pick it up at your own peril knowing that the ending is unknown.
Yet the story told so far is so good that its still good to have read at least once.

- Discworld (Terry Pratchet)

A series of 40 books, multiple series taking place in the same titular discworld. The city watch being my favourite.
The character growth and the world building is second to none. Some amazing heartfelt moments buried in endless fun romps through the world.

#### Sci Fi


- Project Hail Mary (Any Weir)

This is one of those believe the best of sentience and a feel good happy endings kind of book. The perfect antidote you need after reading liu cixin's three-body problem series and being depressed about aliens.
Guy meets an alien and has to work together to solve an issue earth and the alien world is facing. Its really optimistic and has you leaving with warm feelings

- Three Body Problem (Liu Cixin)

Each book in the series raises the stakes by an order of magnitude byt boy does it pay off. A look on interstellar politics and why we are alone.
Read it if you want to be afraid of aliens forever. The what if's on the edges of scifi are the cherry on the cake here, like superliminal travel or higher dimensions and why dont exist anymore.

- Martian (Andy weir)

You can see the love and effort he has put into this book with the amount of research he has done for all the calculations and what ifs that happen in the book.
Astronaut gets stuck on mars and his journey to survive in this harsh environment and finally getting rescued. The tone of the book which is in first person is amazing, with snarky humour throughout.
RC Bray did the original performance of the audiobook and it was amazing, and amazon decided nope, we need wil wheatons voice instead which is nowhere near as good. Dont get the wil wheaton one.

- Skyward (Brandon Sanderson)

A series with light magic, and more tech, but with all the class sandersonisms. A secret world hisory to uncover and aliens to fight.

- Children of Time (Adrian Tchaikovsky)

The first book in the series sprawling multiple thousands of years. The latter books are a bit disappointing, but the first is good enough alone that it is worth the read.

- Magic 2.0 Series (Scott mayer)

The world is a computer simulation and you can manipulate reality by editing the program. 
Follow along on this fun lighthearted adventure as the protagonist discovers magic and meets other time travellers who found the same program.

#### Regular plain old fiction

- A Man Called Ove (Fredrik Backman)

I didn't expect to love this story as much as I did. A cantankerous old man trying to end his life gets distracted by his neighbour and eventually realizes that he has the strength to go on.

- Stories of Your Life and Others (Ted Chiang)

This guy has the brilliant ability to make you dream up a world with a few short words. 

Story of your life: is about how language affects our thinking, and taking it to the extreme. This ended up with me in a rabbit hole exploring different languages and how it affects behaviour. Got way way too into it.

Understand: The process of someone going from human to superhuman in as short a work as possible. This was by far my favourite ted chiang short.

- The complete Sherlock Holmes Collection (Arthur Conan Doyle)

Requires no introduction, you know you've made it if your name is a verb. The original stories are well worth the read.
The novels are a hit and miss for me, but the short stories and by and large amazing.

- Fault in our stars (John Green)

Life's unfair. A touching story of a short lived love. Of expectations and bucket list trips and unfinished stories.

- Perks of being a wallflower (Stephen Chbosky)

Gives a dive into the perspective of a wallflower. Has some really powerful scenes. Good overall.

#### Misc

- Yumi and the Nightmare Painter (Brandon Sanderson)

A year of sanderson special, a one off that stuck with me. Has classic sanderlanch, and good character work and really interesting premise that hooks you from start to end.

- The Sword of Kaigen ( M L Wang)

World building done well, to be able to tease a wide world at a tenth of the word count is a skill few possess. This feels like a book much bigger than it is because it brushes on events that gives it a solid hefty feeling of character history. Excellent character work and interactions.

- Legends & Lattes (Travis Baldree)

Voice actor turned author, he creates a comfy book that you just want to hug and enjoy. A low stakes book that still hits all the right notes while evoking a feeling of home and hearth.

### Non Fiction

#### Science

- The Order of Time (Carlo Rovelli)

How does time work, why does it go forward but not back. A look into the emerging concept of time, and why we feel it passing. Might give a bit of a light existential crisis in the first half.

- The Gene: An Intimate History (Sidhartha Mukherjee)

Made me go from having a bunch of random assorted knowledge about random gene stuff to having a really good interconnected web of knowledge of gene, crispr, heredity and more.
Theres questionable interleaved personal story there which I didn't care much for. This was the first time I fell in love with science books and realizing that fun books are a legitimate way to gain knowledge. Till then I had an association of knowledge with dry books.

- The Elegant Universe (Brian greene)

Brian green does an elegant explanation of string theory thats understandable to the layman. Thats rare, being a subject expert and being a good communicator. Books from them are a gem to read.
He chaperones us through relativity, and quantum mechanics and need for string theory and the latest in the field during the time of writing. Informative

- Forces of Nature (Brian Cox)

Explanations on the four fundamental forces and how our universe behaves as it does.

- The Epigenetics Revolution (Nessa Carey)

While the subject matter is good and a natural progression after "The Gene", the language and clarity of the book leaves a bit to be desired. There is good content, its just a bit harder to get through and presented in a less interesting way.

- What If (Randall Munroe)

Randall is always a pleasure to read, the amount of effort he puts it to research an absurd hypothetical is truly mind boggling

#### People or corporations (memoirs or corporate history)

- Permanent Record (Ed Snowden)

A terrifying look at the capabilities of the NSA and how blowing the whistle on it affected his life.

- An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth (Chris Hadfield)

How he got selected for going to space when a space program didn't even exist in his country. And what it taught him about life.

- Shoe Dog (Phil Knight)

On the origins of Nike and how it went from a simple store to the multi national brand it is today.

- Console wars (Blake J Harris)

My first foray into non fiction that I actually liked. The fight between sega and nintendo, the release of sonic the hedgehog and how the upstart sega held its own against the mighty nintendo.
Its a fun read but with a david vs goliath sort of tone. Its conclusion is evident from history, but the journey is still interesting.

- Creativity Inc (Ed Catmull)

Pixar and how it made each of its movies. Advesities they faced and their responses to it. Good read, but maybe nothing to write home about. I'd liked it at the time of reading

- A promised land (Barack Obama)

A look at his time in office, his goals and regrets.

- Musk (Ashely Vance)

About Musk and how he started up his various enterprises. Theres a tiny bit of hero worship in there, but overall pretty good. Balances the tone well.


#### History

- Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind (Yuval Harari)

A look through mankinds evolution and migrations and building of societies. A really good read for a comprehensive history of mankind.

- A short history of nearly everything (Bill Bryson)

A meandering walk through history touching upon random milestones in humanity. My introduction to bill bryson and his signature tone.

- The Second World War (Antony Beevor)

A really good look at the events surrounding world war II. For the first world war, The podcast hardcore history by Dan Carlin was an excellent source.

- Money: The True Story of a Made-Up Thing (Jacob goldstein)

How money came into being and why its going to stick around. A weekend read. Not much worth retaining though.

#### Misc

- The Psychology of Money (Morgan Housel)

Instead of what to do with money, instead it advices on how to think of money. If nothing else, the one take away is don't invest optimally to make the most profit, invest in such a way that will help you sleep soundly. This single advice was worth reading through the whole book for.

- Moneyball (Michael Lewis)

How statistics got introduced into professional gaming. A bit overblown, but fun still

- Mythos (Stephen Fry)

An intro to norse mythology read in the dulcet tones of Stephen Fry. If you've ever wondered how your favourite norse characters interacted with each other, immerse yourself in to the stories told about them and how they influenced the world.

- Freakonomics (Steven Levitt)

A use case for economics in things you wouldn't think of. Its a lazy weekend read, its not a gain info kind of read more of a huh, thats neat kind of read. 


### Hall of Lame

> Things I've read based on recommendations from others and realized that I'm so far out of the target audience demographic that its not even funny.

- Pride and Prejudice (Jane Austen)

Imagine a bad romcom movie, now make so that everyone's a prude from 1800's. Add in a ton of will-they-won't-they and tada you have pride and prejudice.
It might have been hot shit when it first came out. But now its just meh.

- Alchemist (Paulo Coelho)

Cloyingly optimistic. Do your best and the world will conspire to make your dream comes true. Well the world you knock your teeth out when you're looking directly at it instead of helping you, so this book can just go suck a lime.

- Rationality from AI to zombies (Eliezer Yudkowsky)

Funny how my favourite and least favourite books are by the same author.


### Snapshot of books read (as of 2024-02-02)

> Goodreads Profile: [https://www.goodreads.com/m00nbl4de](https://www.goodreads.com/m00nbl4de)

|Title                                                                                                                                    |Author                  |My Rating|Number of Pages|Year Published|Date Read |
|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|------------------------|---------|---------------|--------------|----------|
|Addiction: A Very Short Introduction (Very Short Introductions)                                                                          |Keith Humphreys         |3        |144          |2023        |2024/01/31|
|A Stroke of the Pen                                                                                                                      |Terry Pratchett         |5        |240          |2023        |2024/01/30|
|The Mayor of Noobtown (Noobtown, #1)                                                                                                     |Ryan Rimmel             |4        |292          |2019        |2024/01/29|
|Implode (The Completionist Chronicles, #8)                                                                                               |Dakota Krout            |2        |390          |2022        |2024/01/28|
|Jake's Magical Market (Jake's Magical Market #1)                                                                                         |J.R.  Mathews           |5        |773          |2021        |2024/01/27|
|Invent (The Completionist Chronicles, #7)                                                                                                |Dakota Krout            |3        |409          |2022        |2024/01/25|
|Oh, Great! I Discovered How to Cultivate a Farmer in 52 Easy Steps (Unorthodox Farming, #2)                                              |Benjamin Kerei          |5        |578          |2022        |2024/01/25|
|Oh Great! I was Reincarnated as a Farmer (Unorthodox Farming, #1)                                                                        |Benjamin Kerei          |3        |620          |2021        |2024/01/24|
|Inflame (The Completionist Chronicles, #6)                                                                                               |Dakota Krout            |3        |394          |2021        |2024/01/23|
|Ruthless (The Completionist Chronicles, #5)                                                                                              |Dakota Krout            |4        |425          |2020        |2024/01/22|
|The Primal Hunter 8 (The Primal Hunter #8)                                                                                               |Zogarth                 |5        |596          |2024        |2024/01/21|
|Raze (The Completionist Chronicles, #4)                                                                                                  |Dakota Krout            |5        |365          |2019        |2024/01/20|
|Rexus: Side Quest (The Completionist Chronicles, #3)                                                                                     |Dakota Krout            |5        |200          |2022        |2024/01/20|
|Regicide (The Completionist Chronicles, #2)                                                                                              |Dakota Krout            |5        |421          |2018        |2024/01/19|
|Ritualist (The Completionist Chronicles, #1)                                                                                             |Dakota Krout            |5        |350          |2022        |2024/01/18|
|In Their Element: How Chemistry Made the Modern World                                                                                    |BBC Radio               |3        |               |2020        |2024/01/17|
|Apocalypse Tamer                                                                                                                         |Maxime J. Durand        |2        |514          |2022        |2024/01/17|
|Amelia The Level Zero Hero Book 2                                                                                                        |V.A. Lewis              |5        |588          |2023        |2024/01/12|
|Amelia The Level Zero Hero Book 1                                                                                                        |V.A. Lewis              |5        |604          |2023        |2024/01/10|
|Azarinth Healer: Book Three (Azarinth Healer #3)                                                                                         |Rhaegar                 |3        |1145         |2023        |2024/01/08|
|Mark of the Fool 5 (Mark of the Fool #5)                                                                                                 |J.M.     Clarke         |5        |750          |2023        |2024/01/05|
|Mark of the Fool 4 (Mark of the Fool #4)                                                                                                 |J.M.     Clarke         |5        |600          |2023        |2024/01/02|
|Mark of the Fool 3 (Mark of the Fool, #3)                                                                                                |J.M.     Clarke         |5        |726          |2023        |2024/01/01|
|Mark of the Fool 2 (Mark of the Fool, #2)                                                                                                |J.M.     Clarke         |5        |795          |2023        |2023/12/30|
|Mark of the Fool (Mark of the Fool, #1)                                                                                                  |J.M.     Clarke         |5        |722          |2022        |2023/12/29|
|Defiant (Skyward, #4)                                                                                                                    |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |420          |2023        |2023/12/27|
|Fire and Song (Warformed: Stormweaver, #2)                                                                                               |Bryce O'Connor          |5        |1049         |2023        |2023/11/04|
|Worm (Parahumans, #1)                                                                                                                    |Wildbow                 |4        |6680         |2013        |2023/12/21|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 10 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #10)                                                                        |Shirtaloon              |5        |965          |2023        |2023/12/18|
|The Path of Ascension 4 (The Path of Ascension #4)                                                                                       |C. Mantis               |5        |521          |2023        |2023/12/15|
|The Path of Ascension 3 (The Path of Ascension #3)                                                                                       |C. Mantis               |5        |588          |2023        |2023/12/14|
|The Path of Ascension 2 (The Path of Ascension #2)                                                                                       |C. Mantis               |5        |569          |2023        |2023/12/12|
|The Path of Ascension (The Path of Ascension #1)                                                                                         |C. Mantis               |5        |654          |2022        |2023/12/11|
|Diddly Squat: A Year on the Farm (Diddly Squat, #1)                                                                                      |Jeremy Clarkson         |4        |208          |2021        |2023/12/09|
|The Engineer (The Last Horizon, #2)                                                                                                      |Will Wight              |5        |419          |2023        |2023/12/09|
|Beware of Chicken 3 (Beware of Chicken, #3)                                                                                              |CasualFarmer            |5        |785          |2023        |2023/12/07|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 11 - The Titan of Baleros (The Wandering Inn, #6, Part 2)                                                        |Pirateaba               |5        |1526         |2023        |2023/12/05|
|Defiance of the Fall 11 (Defiance of the Fall, #11)                                                                                      |TheFirstDefier          |3        |662          |2023        |2023/11/30|
|The Primal Hunter 7 (The Primal Hunter #7)                                                                                               |Zogarth                 |5        |722          |2023        |2023/11/27|
|Dominion (Awaken Online, #4)                                                                                                             |Travis Bagwell          |2        |801          |2019        |2023/11/26|
|Apathy (Awaken Online, #3.5)                                                                                                             |Travis Bagwell          |3        |342          |2018        |2023/11/23|
|Evolution (Awaken Online, #3)                                                                                                            |Travis Bagwell          |3        |768          |2018        |2023/11/21|
|The Perfect Run III                                                                                                                      |Maxime J. Durand        |5        |656          |2022        |2023/01/21|
|The Perfect Run II                                                                                                                       |Maxime J. Durand        |5        |653          |2021        |2023/01/21|
|The Perfect Run                                                                                                                          |Maxime J. Durand        |5        |667          |2021        |2023/01/19|
|The Third Realm (A Thousand Li #8)                                                                                                       |Tao Wong                |3        |502          |2023        |2023/11/15|
|Retribution (Awaken Online, #2.5)                                                                                                        |Travis Bagwell          |3        |277          |2017        |2023/11/13|
|Cinnamon Bun 2 (Cinnamon Bun, #2)                                                                                                        |Ravens Dagger           |3        |422          |2020        |2023/11/12|
|Precipice (Awaken Online, #2)                                                                                                            |Travis Bagwell          |3        |594          |2017        |2023/11/11|
|Catharsis (Awaken Online, #1)                                                                                                            |Travis Bagwell          |4        |525          |2017        |2023/11/10|
|Cinnamon Bun (Cinnamon Bun, #1)                                                                                                          |Ravensdagger            |3        |424          |2020        |2023/11/09|
|What We Owe the Future                                                                                                                   |William MacAskill       |2        |335          |2022        |2023/11/08|
|Fermentation (Battle Mage Farmer #4)                                                                                                     |Seth Ring               |4        |422          |2023        |2023/11/07|
|Cultivation (Battle Mage Farmer #3)                                                                                                      |Seth Ring               |5        |459          |2022        |2023/11/07|
|Germination (Battle Mage Farmer #2)                                                                                                      |Seth Ring               |5        |431          |2022        |2023/11/06|
|Domestication (Battle Mage Farmer #1)                                                                                                    |Seth Ring               |5        |412          |2022        |2023/11/05|
|Iron Prince (Warformed: Stormweaver, #1)                                                                                                 |Bryce O'Connor          |5        |850          |2020        |2021/07/26|
|A Necessary Heresy (Instrument of Omens, #3)                                                                                             |Davis Ashura            |4        |763          |2022        |2023/10/31|
|Deadhouse Gates (Malazan Book of the Fallen, #2)                                                                                         |Steven Erikson          |4        |604          |2005        |2022/10/17|
|Memories of Prophecies (Instrument of Omens, #2)                                                                                         |Davis Ashura            |4        |602          |2021        |2023/10/26|
|A Testament of Steel (Instrument of Omens, #1)                                                                                           |Davis Ashura            |4        |562          |2020        |2023/10/25|
|The Third Kingdom (A Thousand Li #7)                                                                                                     |Tao Wong                |3        |395          |2022        |2023/10/23|
|Mother of Learning: ARC 4                                                                                                                |Domagoj Kurmaić         |5        |601          |2023        |2023/04/13|
|Mother of Learning 3                                                                                                                     |Domagoj Kurmaić         |5        |743          |2022        |2022/12/05|
|Mother of Learning 2                                                                                                                     |Domagoj Kurmaić         |5        |664          |2022        |2022/12/03|
|Mother of Learning 1                                                                                                                     |Domagoj Kurmaić         |5        |644          |2021        |2022/12/02|
|The Sunlit Man                                                                                                                           |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |447          |2023        |2023/10/16|
|The Second Storm (A Thousand Li #6)                                                                                                      |Tao Wong                |3        |342          |2021        |2023/10/16|
|The Second Sect (A Thousand Li #5)                                                                                                       |Tao Wong                |4        |430          |2021        |2023/10/15|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 10 - The Wind Runner (The Wandering Inn, #6, Part 1)                                                             |Pirateaba               |5        |1333         |2023        |2023/10/11|
|Super Powereds: Year 4 (Super Powereds, #4)                                                                                              |Drew  Hayes             |5        |1981         |2018        |2023/10/07|
|Super Powereds: Year 3 (Super Powereds, #3)                                                                                              |Drew  Hayes             |5        |1104         |2015        |2023/10/02|
|Super Powereds: Year 2 (Super Powereds, #2)                                                                                              |Drew  Hayes             |5        |822          |2013        |2023/09/28|
|Super Powereds: Year 1 (Super Powereds, #1)                                                                                              |Drew  Hayes             |5        |814          |              |2023/09/25|
|Never Split the Difference: Negotiating as if Your Life Depended on It                                                                   |Chris Voss              |3        |288          |2023        |2023/09/23|
|The Last Echo of the Lord of Bells (Mage Errant #7)                                                                                      |John Bierce             |3        |750          |2023        |2023/09/23|
|Building a Second Brain: A Proven Method to Organize Your Digital Life and Unlock Your Creative Potential                                |Tiago Forte             |2        |272          |2022        |2023/09/21|
|The Trials of Descent (The Menocht Loop #6)                                                                                              |Lorne Ryburn            |4        |563          |2023        |2023/09/20|
|The Matter of Everything: How Curiosity, Physics, and Improbable Experiments Changed the World                                           |Suzie Sheehy            |5        |320          |2023        |2023/09/19|
|The Second Expedition (A Thousand Li, #4)                                                                                                |Tao Wong                |3        |417          |2020        |2023/09/14|
|The Urge: Our History of Addiction                                                                                                       |Carl Erik Fisher        |4        |400          |2022        |2023/09/12|
|The Favored Son (A Thousand Li, #2.5)                                                                                                    |Tao Wong                |3        |30           |2020        |2023/09/11|
|The Eye of the Bedlam Bride (Dungeon Crawler Carl, #6)                                                                                   |Matt Dinniman           |5        |694          |2023        |2023/09/11|
|Defiance of the Fall 10 (Defiance of the Fall, #10)                                                                                      |TheFirstDefier          |5        |564          |2023        |2023/09/08|
|The Primal Hunter 6 (The Primal Hunter #6)                                                                                               |Zogarth                 |5        |668          |2023        |2023/09/06|
|The First War (A Thousand Li, #3)                                                                                                        |Tao Wong                |3        |323          |2020        |2023/09/02|
|Bad Bunny (The Heroic Bunny Saga, #2)                                                                                                    |Richard J.  Hansen      |4        |361          |2022        |2023/08/30|
|Dungeon Bunny (The Heroic Bunny Saga, #1)                                                                                                |Richard J.  Hansen      |4        |173          |2021        |2023/08/30|
|A Witch's Sin (Neon Ghosts, #1)                                                                                                          |Daniel B. Greene        |3        |495          |2023        |2023/08/27|
|The First Stop (A Thousand Li, #2)                                                                                                       |Tao Wong                |3        |330          |2019        |2023/08/17|
|The First Step (A Thousand Li, #1)                                                                                                       |Tao Wong                |4        |367          |2019        |2023/08/15|
|Irrelevant Jack 5                                                                                                                        |Prax Venter             |4        |0            |2021        |2023/08/14|
|Irrelevant Jack 4                                                                                                                        |Prax Venter             |5        |295          |2020        |2023/08/13|
|Irrelevant Jack 3                                                                                                                        |Prax Venter             |5        |236          |2019        |2023/08/12|
|Irrelevant Jack 2                                                                                                                        |Prax Venter             |5        |292          |2019        |2023/08/12|
|Irrelevant Jack                                                                                                                          |Prax Venter             |5        |291          |2018        |2023/08/11|
|Depression: What Everyone Needs to Know® (What Everyone Needs To KnowRG)                                                                 |Jonathan Rottenberg     |4        |192          |2021        |2023/08/08|
|The Price of Immortality: The Race to Live Forever                                                                                       |Peter Ward              |4        |288          |2022        |2023/08/07|
|Sapiens: A Brief History of Humankind                                                                                                    |Yuval Noah Harari       |5        |512          |2015        |2019/12/25|
|The Primal Hunter 5 (The Primal Hunter)                                                                                                  |Zogarth                 |5        |672          |2023        |2023/07/30|
|The Primal Hunter 4 (The Primal Hunter)                                                                                                  |Zogarth                 |5        |750          |2022        |2023/07/30|
|The Primal Hunter 3                                                                                                                      |Zogarth                 |5        |666          |2022        |2023/07/30|
|The Primal Hunter 2 (The Primal Hunter, #2)                                                                                              |Zogarth                 |5        |740          |2022        |2023/07/30|
|The Primal Hunter (The Primal Hunter, #1)                                                                                                |Zogarth                 |5        |716          |2022        |2023/07/30|
|Moon Shot: The Inside Story of America's Race to the Moon                                                                                |Alan Shepard            |4        |416          |1994        |2023/07/16|
|Sovereign Mage (Paranoid Mage #5)                                                                                                        |Inadvisably Compelled   |5        |340          |2023        |2023/07/15|
|Harry Potter and the Methods of Rationality                                                                                              |Eliezer Yudkowsky       |5        |2184         |2015        |2020/07/13|
|The Butcher's Masquerade (Dungeon Crawler Carl, #5)                                                                                      |Matt Dinniman           |5        |726          |2022        |2023/07/11|
|The Gate of the Feral Gods (Dungeon Crawler Carl, #4)                                                                                    |Matt Dinniman           |5        |632          |2021        |2023/07/09|
|The Dungeon Anarchist's Cookbook (Dungeon Crawler Carl, #3)                                                                              |Matt Dinniman           |5        |534          |2021        |2023/07/09|
|Carl's Doomsday Scenario (Dungeon Crawler Carl, #2)                                                                                      |Matt Dinniman           |5        |364          |2021        |2023/07/07|
|Dungeon Crawler Carl (Dungeon Crawler Carl, #1)                                                                                          |Matt Dinniman           |5        |446          |2020        |2023/07/06|
|Yumi and the Nightmare Painter                                                                                                           |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |480          |2023        |2023/07/04|
|The Wizard's Crown (Art of the Adept #5)                                                                                                 |Michael G. Manning      |1        |713          |2022        |2023/06/27|
|Disciple of War (Art of the Adept, #4)                                                                                                   |Michael G. Manning      |5        |672          |2020        |2023/06/25|
|Scholar of Magic (Art of the Adept, #3)                                                                                                  |Michael G. Manning      |4        |660          |2020        |2023/06/25|
|Secrets and Spellcraft (Art of the Adept, #2)                                                                                            |Michael G. Manning      |4        |525          |2019        |2023/06/21|
|Waybound (Cradle, #12)                                                                                                                   |Will Wight              |5        |518          |2023        |2023/06/13|
|The Choice of Magic (Art of the Adept, #1)                                                                                               |Michael G. Manning      |4        |626          |2019        |2023/06/19|
|End Times: A Brief Guide to the End of the World: Asteroids, Super Volcanoes, Rogue Robots, and More                                     |Bryan Walsh             |3        |416          |2019        |2023/06/16|
|The Captain (The Last Horizon, #1)                                                                                                       |Will Wight              |5        |467          |2023        |2023/06/14|
|How Far the Light Reaches: A Life in Ten Sea Creatures                                                                                   |Sabrina Imbler          |4        |263          |2022        |2023/06/13|
|Dreadgod (Cradle, #11)                                                                                                                   |Will Wight              |5        |464          |2022        |2022/11/21|
|Defiance of the Fall 9 (Defiance of the Fall, #9)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |4        |771          |2023        |2023/06/10|
|Defiance of the Fall 8 (Defiance of the Fall, #8)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |3        |748          |2023        |2023/06/09|
|Defiance of the Fall 7 (Defiance of the Fall, #7)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |3        |798          |2022        |2023/06/07|
|Defiance of the Fall 6 (Defiance of the Fall, #6)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |3        |782          |2022        |2023/06/04|
|Defiance of the Fall 5 (Defiance of the Fall, #5)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |4        |662          |2022        |2023/06/03|
|Defiance of the Fall 4 (Defiance of the Fall, #4)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |5        |811          |2022        |2023/06/02|
|Defiance of the Fall 3 (Defiance of the Fall, #3)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |5        |868          |2021        |2023/06/02|
|Defiance of the Fall 2 (Defiance of the Fall, #2)                                                                                        |TheFirstDefier          |5        |638          |2021        |2023/05/30|
|Defiance of the Fall (Defiance of the Fall, #1)                                                                                          |TheFirstDefier          |5        |765          |2021        |2023/05/29|
|This Mortal Coil: A History of Death                                                                                                     |Andrew Doig             |4        |384          |2022        |2023/05/28|
|The Martian                                                                                                                              |Andy Weir               |5        |384          |2014        |2020/12/20|
|The Bourne Identity (Jason Bourne, #1)                                                                                                   |Robert Ludlum           |5        |566          |2005        |2023/05/23|
|An Astronaut's Guide to Life on Earth                                                                                                    |Chris Hadfield          |5        |295          |2013        |2023/05/22|
|Blindsight (Firefall, #1)                                                                                                                |Peter Watts             |3        |384          |2006        |2023/05/21|
|Scorching Sun (Underworld #6)                                                                                                            |Apollos Thorne          |4        |358          |2021        |2023/05/18|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 9 - Tears of Liscor (The Wandering Inn, #5, Part 3)                                                              |Pirateaba               |5        |1651         |2023        |2023/05/15|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 9 (He Who Fights with Monsters #9)                                                                           |Shirtaloon              |5        |662          |2023        |2023/05/11|
|Azarinth Healer: Book Two (Azarinth Healer, #2)                                                                                          |Rhaegar                 |4        |719          |2023        |2023/05/08|
|The Skeptics' Guide to the Universe: How to Know What's Really Real in a World Increasingly Full of Fake                                 |Steven Novella          |5        |448          |2018        |2023/05/07|
|How to Build a Dinosaur: Extinction Doesn't Have to Be Forever                                                                           |Jack Horner             |3        |246          |2009        |2023/05/05|
|What If? Serious Scientific Answers to Absurd Hypothetical Questions                                                                     |Randall Munroe          |5        |303          |2014        |2023/05/04|
|Vanguard (Codename: Freedom #4)                                                                                                          |Apollos Thorne          |5        |640          |2022        |2023/05/02|
|Vampire Gate (Underworld, #5)                                                                                                            |Apollos Thorne          |3        |267          |2020        |2023/04/29|
|World Quest (Codename: Freedom, #3)                                                                                                      |Apollos Thorne          |5        |689          |2019        |2023/04/26|
|The Goblin Siege (Codename: Freedom, #2)                                                                                                 |Apollos Thorne          |5        |498          |2018        |2023/04/24|
|Survive Week One (Codename: Freedom #1)                                                                                                  |Apollos Thorne          |5        |417          |2017        |2023/04/23|
|A Life in Parts                                                                                                                          |Bryan Cranston          |5        |276          |2016        |2023/04/22|
|Earthside (Quantum Earth, #2)                                                                                                            |Dennis E. Taylor        |4        |8            |2023        |2023/04/20|
|Outland (Quantum Earth, #1)                                                                                                              |Dennis E. Taylor        |0        |360          |2015        |2020/11/18|
|Proving Grounds (Underworld, #4)                                                                                                         |Apollos Thorne          |3        |222          |2020        |2023/04/17|
|The Wandering Inn: Volume 9  (The Wandering Inn, #9)                                                                                     |Pirateaba               |0        |7152         |2022        |2023/04/17|
|The Frugal Wizard’s Handbook for Surviving Medieval England                                                                              |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |399          |2023        |2023/04/13|
|Sanctuary (Underworld, #3)                                                                                                               |Apollos Thorne          |3        |426          |2019        |2023/04/08|
|Through the Belly of the Beast (Underworld, #2)                                                                                          |Apollos Thorne          |3        |253          |2018        |2023/04/05|
|Egyptian Mythology: Fascinating Stories and Legends of Gods, Goddesses, Heroes, Monsters: All Myths and Traditions from the Ancient Egypt|History Academy         |3        |117          |2020        |2021/09/23|
|Beware of Chicken 2                                                                                                                      |CasualFarmer            |5        |685          |              |2023/04/01|
|Level Up or Die! (Underworld, #1)                                                                                                        |Apollos Thorne          |3        |204          |2017        |2023/03/26|
|Tuesdays with Morrie                                                                                                                     |Mitch Albom             |4        |210          |2000        |2023/03/25|
|The Blade of Revelation (The Menocht Loop #5)                                                                                            |Lorne Ryburn            |5        |471          |2022        |2023/03/22|
|The Wandering Inn: Volume 8  (The Wandering Inn, #8)                                                                                     |Pirateaba               |5        |9311         |2021        |2023/03/22|
|The False Ascendant (The Menocht Loop #2)                                                                                                |Lorne Ryburn            |4        |428          |2022        |2023/03/12|
|The Samsara Crucible (The Menocht Loop #4)                                                                                               |Lorne Ryburn            |3        |587          |2022        |2023/03/16|
|The Eldemari's Wrath (The Menocht Loop #3)                                                                                               |Lorne Ryburn            |3        |555          |2022        |2023/03/13|
|The Menocht Loop (The Menocht Loop, #1)                                                                                                  |Lorne Ryburn            |5        |391          |2021        |2023/03/11|
|Reclusive Mage (Paranoid Mage #4)                                                                                                        |Inadvisably Compelled   |5        |404          |2023        |2023/03/10|
|Heretic Mage (Paranoid Mage #3)                                                                                                          |Inadvisably Compelled   |4        |386          |2022        |2023/03/10|
|Renegade Mage (Paranoid Mage #2)                                                                                                         |Inadvisably Compelled   |5        |419          |2022        |2023/03/09|
|Paranoid Mage (Paranoid Mage #1)                                                                                                         |Inadvisably Compelled   |5        |380          |2022        |2023/03/09|
|Beware of Chicken (Beware of Chicken, #1)                                                                                                |CasualFarmer            |5        |485          |2022        |2023/03/08|
|World Tour Edition (Vainqueur the Dragon, #3)                                                                                            |Maxime J. Durand        |3        |662          |2021        |2023/03/07|
|The Wandering Inn: Volume 7  (The Wandering Inn, #7)                                                                                     |Pirateaba               |5        |6790         |2020        |2023/02/18|
|The Wandering Inn: Volume 6 (The Wandering Inn, #6)                                                                                      |Pirateaba               |5        |5341         |2019        |2023/02/06|
|Bastion (The Immortal Great Souls, #1)                                                                                                   |Phil Tucker             |4        |829          |2021        |2023/02/04|
|The Year of the Rogues (Vainqueur the Dragon, #2)                                                                                        |Maxime J. Durand        |3        |375          |2020        |2023/02/02|
|Vainqueur the Dragon (Vainqueur the Dragon, #1)                                                                                          |Maxime J. Durand        |3        |515          |2019        |2023/02/01|
|He Who Fights With Monsters 8 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #8)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |624          |2022        |2023/01/29|
|Bullshit Jobs: A Theory                                                                                                                  |David Graeber           |2        |335          |2018        |2023/01/31|
|He Who Fights With Monsters 7 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #7)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |622          |2022        |2023/01/28|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 6 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #6)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |564          |2022        |2023/01/27|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 5 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #5)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |759          |2022        |2023/01/27|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 4 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #4)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |828          |2021        |2023/01/25|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 3 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #3)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |895          |2021        |2023/01/25|
|He Who Fights with Monsters 2 (He Who Fights with Monsters, #2)                                                                          |Shirtaloon              |4        |826          |2021        |2023/01/24|
|He Who Fights with Monsters (He Who Fights with Monsters, #1)                                                                            |Shirtaloon              |4        |680          |2021        |2023/01/22|
|Soulbrand (Weapons and Wielders, #3)                                                                                                     |Andrew Rowe             |5        |744          |2021        |2023/01/18|
|Eleanor Oliphant Is Completely Fine                                                                                                      |Gail Honeyman           |4        |336          |2017        |2023/01/14|
|Born a Crime: Stories From a South African Childhood                                                                                     |Trevor Noah             |4        |289          |2016        |2023/01/12|
|The Postmortal                                                                                                                           |Drew Magary             |4        |369          |2011        |2023/01/11|
|Azarinth Healer: Book One (Azarinth Healer, #1)                                                                                          |Rhaegar                 |5        |708          |2022        |2023/01/10|
|Tress of the Emerald Sea (The Cosmere, #28)                                                                                              |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |483          |2023        |2023/01/07|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 8 - Blood of Liscor (The Wandering Inn, #5, Part 2)                                                              |Pirateaba               |5        |1684         |2022        |2023/01/04|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 7 - The Rains of Liscor (The Wandering Inn, #5, Part 1)                                                          |Pirateaba               |5        |               |2022        |2022/12/30|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 6 - The General of Izril (The Wandering Inn, #4, Part 2)                                                         |Pirateaba               |5        |1080         |2022        |2022/12/28|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 5 - The Last Light (The Wandering Inn, #4, Part 1)                                                               |Pirateaba               |5        |1791         |2021        |2022/12/26|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 4 - Winter Solstice (The Wandering Inn, #3, Part 2)                                                              |Pirateaba               |5        |1109         |2021        |2022/12/23|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 3 - Flowers of Esthelm (The Wandering Inn, #3, Part 1)                                                           |Pirateaba               |5        |974          |2020        |2022/12/22|
|The Wandering Inn: Volume 2 (The Wandering Inn, #2)                                                                                      |Pirateaba               |5        |1718         |              |2022/12/20|
|The Wandering Inn: Book 1 (The Wandering Inn, #1)                                                                                        |Pirateaba               |5        |1235         |2018        |2022/12/17|
|The Sword of Kaigen                                                                                                                      |M.L.  Wang              |5        |651          |2019        |2022/12/15|
|Tongue Eater (Mage Errant, #6)                                                                                                           |John Bierce             |5        |631          |2022        |2022/12/12|
|The Siege of Skyhold (Mage Errant, #5)                                                                                                   |John Bierce             |5        |449          |2021        |2022/12/10|
|The Lost City of Ithos (Mage Errant, #4)                                                                                                 |John Bierce             |5        |443          |2020        |2022/12/09|
|A Traitor in Skyhold (Mage Errant, #3)                                                                                                   |John Bierce             |4        |362          |2019        |2022/12/08|
|Jewel of the Endless Erg (Mage Errant, #2)                                                                                               |John Bierce             |4        |278          |2019        |2022/12/07|
|Into the Labyrinth (Mage Errant, #1)                                                                                                     |John Bierce             |5        |216          |2018        |2022/12/07|
|Project Hail Mary                                                                                                                        |Andy Weir               |5        |476          |2021        |2021/05/16|
|The Time Traveler’s Wife                                                                                                                 |Audrey Niffenegger      |2        |537          |2013        |2022/11/28|
|Evershore (Skyward, #2.3)                                                                                                                |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |234          |2021        |2022/11/25|
|Cytonic (Skyward, #3)                                                                                                                    |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |415          |2021        |2022/11/24|
|ReDawn (Skyward, #2.2)                                                                                                                   |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |229          |2021        |2022/11/23|
|Sunreach (Skyward, #2.1)                                                                                                                 |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |208          |2021        |2022/11/23|
|Starsight (Skyward, #2)                                                                                                                  |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |461          |2019        |2020/01/03|
|Skyward (Skyward, #1)                                                                                                                    |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |513          |2018        |2020/01/02|
|Reaper (Cradle, #10)                                                                                                                     |Will Wight              |5        |465          |2021        |2022/11/20|
|Bloodline (Cradle, #9)                                                                                                                   |Will Wight              |5        |378          |2021        |2022/11/19|
|Wintersteel (Cradle, #8)                                                                                                                 |Will Wight              |5        |540          |2020        |2022/11/18|
|Uncrowned (Cradle, #7)                                                                                                                   |Will Wight              |5        |336          |2019        |2022/11/17|
|Underlord (Cradle, #6)                                                                                                                   |Will Wight              |5        |348          |2019        |2022/11/17|
|Ghostwater (Cradle, #5)                                                                                                                  |Will Wight              |5        |310          |2018        |2022/11/16|
|Skysworn (Cradle, #4)                                                                                                                    |Will Wight              |5        |292          |2017        |2022/11/16|
|Blackflame (Cradle, #3)                                                                                                                  |Will Wight              |5        |370          |2017        |2022/11/16|
|Soulsmith (Cradle, #2)                                                                                                                   |Will Wight              |5        |284          |2016        |2022/11/15|
|Unsouled (Cradle, #1)                                                                                                                    |Will Wight              |5        |294          |2016        |2022/11/14|
|Speaker for the Dead (Ender's Saga, #2)                                                                                                  |Orson Scott Card        |3        |382          |1994        |2022/11/13|
|Ender’s Game (Ender's Saga, #1)                                                                                                          |Orson Scott Card        |4        |324          |2004        |2022/11/12|
|That Will Never Work: The Birth of Netflix and the Amazing Life of an Idea                                                               |Marc Randolph           |4        |336          |2019        |2022/10/18|
|Gardens of the Moon (Malazan Book of the Fallen, #1)                                                                                     |Steven Erikson          |5        |666          |2005        |2022/10/11|
|The Wise Man's Fear (The Kingkiller Chronicle, #2)                                                                                       |Patrick Rothfuss        |5        |994          |2011        |2019/12/25|
|The Name of the Wind (The Kingkiller Chronicle, #1)                                                                                      |Patrick Rothfuss        |5        |662          |2007        |2019/12/25|
|Legends & Lattes (Legends & Lattes, #1)                                                                                                  |Travis  Baldree         |5        |296          |2022        |2022/08/15|
|The Ride of a Lifetime: Lessons Learned from 15 Years as CEO of the Walt Disney Company                                                  |Robert Iger             |4        |272          |2019        |2022/08/09|
|The Book Thief                                                                                                                           |Markus Zusak            |5        |592          |2006        |2022/08/05|
|Upgrade                                                                                                                                  |Blake Crouch            |4        |352          |2022        |2022/07/25|
|Children of Ruin (Children of Time, #2)                                                                                                  |Adrian Tchaikovsky      |4        |15           |2019        |2022/07/18|
|Children of Time (Children of Time, #1)                                                                                                  |Adrian Tchaikovsky      |5        |608          |2015        |2022/07/10|
|The Shepherd's Crown (Discworld, #41; Tiffany Aching, #5)                                                                                |Terry Pratchett         |5        |276          |2015        |2022/07/06|
|The Emperor's New Mind                                                                                                                   |Roger Penrose           |2        |602          |1999        |2022/07/06|
|Raising Steam (Discworld, #40; Moist von Lipwig, #3)                                                                                     |Terry Pratchett         |5        |377          |2013        |2022/06/13|
|Grunt: The Curious Science of Humans at War                                                                                              |Mary Roach              |3        |288          |2017        |2022/06/11|
|Snuff (Discworld, #39; City Watch, #8)                                                                                                   |Terry Pratchett         |5        |378          |2011        |2022/06/03|
|I Contain Multitudes: The Microbes Within Us and a Grander View of Life                                                                  |Ed Yong                 |4        |368          |2016        |2022/05/30|
|The Emperor of All Maladies: A Biography of Cancer                                                                                       |Siddhartha Mukherjee    |4        |571          |2010        |2022/05/24|
|I Shall Wear Midnight (Discworld, #38; Tiffany Aching, #4)                                                                               |Terry Pratchett         |5        |349          |2010        |2022/05/18|
|Humble Pi: A Comedy of Maths Errors                                                                                                      |Matt    Parker          |5        |314          |1900        |2022/05/16|
|Unseen Academicals (Discworld, #37; Rincewind, #8)                                                                                       |Terry Pratchett         |5        |417          |2009        |2022/05/12|
|Making Money (Discworld, #36; Moist Von Lipwig, #2)                                                                                      |Terry Pratchett         |5        |394          |2007        |2022/05/11|
|The Future of the Mind: The Scientific Quest to Understand, Enhance, and Empower the Mind                                                |Michio Kaku             |3        |377          |2014        |2022/05/09|
|Wintersmith (Discworld, #35; Tiffany Aching, #3)                                                                                         |Terry Pratchett         |5        |325          |2006        |2022/05/05|
|Stuff Matters: Exploring the Marvelous Materials That Shape Our Man-Made World                                                           |Mark Miodownik          |4        |272          |2014        |2022/05/03|
|Thud! (Discworld, #34; City Watch, #7)                                                                                                   |Terry Pratchett         |5        |439          |2006        |2022/04/27|
|Going Postal (Discworld, #33; Moist von Lipwig, #1)                                                                                      |Terry Pratchett         |5        |394          |2005        |2022/04/26|
|The Shallows: What the Internet Is Doing to Our Brains                                                                                   |Nicholas Carr           |4        |280          |2011        |2022/04/15|
|Everybody Lies: Big Data, New Data, and What the Internet Can Tell Us About Who We Really Are                                            |Seth Stephens-Davidowitz|4        |338          |2017        |2022/04/10|
|A Hat Full of Sky (Discworld, #32; Tiffany Aching, #2)                                                                                   |Terry Pratchett         |5        |352          |2005        |2022/04/08|
|Monstrous Regiment (Discworld, #31; Industrial Revolution, #3)                                                                           |Terry Pratchett         |5        |496          |2003        |2022/04/07|
|Stiff: The Curious Lives of Human Cadavers                                                                                               |Mary Roach              |5        |303          |2004        |2022/04/05|
|The Wee Free Men (Discworld, #30; Tiffany Aching, #1)                                                                                    |Terry Pratchett         |5        |375          |2004        |2022/04/03|
|The Second World War                                                                                                                     |Antony Beevor           |5        |863          |2012        |2022/04/02|
|Night Watch (Discworld, #29; City Watch, #6)                                                                                             |Terry Pratchett         |5        |480          |2011        |2022/03/24|
|The Alchemy of Us: How Humans and Matter Transformed One Another                                                                         |Ainissa Ramirez         |5        |328          |2020        |2022/03/23|
|Thief of Time (Discworld, #26; Death, #5)                                                                                                |Terry Pratchett         |5        |378          |2008        |2022/03/21|
|The Last Hero (Discworld, #27; Rincewind, #7)                                                                                            |Terry Pratchett         |4        |176          |2002        |2022/03/21|
|Ending Aging: The Rejuvenation Breakthroughs That Could Reverse Human Aging in Our Lifetime                                              |Aubrey de Grey          |3        |389          |2007        |2022/03/20|
|The Myth of Sisyphus and Other Essays                                                                                                    |Albert Camus            |1        |212          |1991        |2022/03/04|
|The Almanack of Naval Ravikant: A Guide to Wealth and Happiness                                                                          |Eric Jorgenson          |1        |244          |2020        |2022/03/04|
|The Truth (Discworld, #25; Industrial Revolution, #2)                                                                                    |Terry Pratchett         |4        |444          |2001        |2022/03/03|
|The Stranger                                                                                                                             |Albert Camus            |2        |159          |1989        |2022/03/02|
|The Anthropocene Reviewed                                                                                                                |John Green              |4        |293          |2021        |2022/03/02|
|Poor Economics: A Radical Rethinking of the Way to Fight Global Poverty                                                                  |Abhijit V. Banerjee     |5        |320          |2011        |2022/03/01|
|Adrift (Donovan, #5)                                                                                                                     |W. Michael Gear         |5        |512          |2021        |2022/02/28|
|The Fifth Elephant (Discworld, #24; City Watch, #5)                                                                                      |Terry Pratchett         |5        |464          |2009        |2022/02/24|
|A World Undone: The Story of the Great War, 1914 to 1918                                                                                 |G.J. Meyer              |3        |704          |2006        |2022/02/23|
|The Comfort Book                                                                                                                         |Matt Haig               |2        |272          |2021        |2022/02/19|
|Carpe Jugulum (Discworld, #23; Witches, #6)                                                                                              |Terry Pratchett         |5        |296          |1999        |2022/02/19|
|A Promised Land                                                                                                                          |Barack Obama            |5        |768          |2020        |2022/02/17|
|The Last Continent (Discworld, #22; Rincewind, #6)                                                                                       |Terry Pratchett         |2        |416          |2006        |2022/02/13|
|Lifespan: Why We Age―and Why We Don't Have To                                                                                            |David A. Sinclair       |4        |432          |2019        |2022/02/11|
|Leviathan Falls (The Expanse, #9)                                                                                                        |James S.A. Corey        |5        |528          |2022        |2022/02/09|
|Permanent Record                                                                                                                         |Edward Snowden          |5        |339          |2019        |2022/02/08|
|Tiamat's Wrath (The Expanse, #8)                                                                                                         |James S.A. Corey        |5        |534          |2019        |2022/02/07|
|Persepolis Rising (The Expanse, #7)                                                                                                      |James S.A. Corey        |3        |608          |2017        |2022/02/03|
|Babylon's Ashes (The Expanse, #6)                                                                                                        |James S.A. Corey        |4        |532          |2016        |2022/01/24|
|Nemesis Games (The Expanse, #5)                                                                                                          |James S.A. Corey        |5        |536          |2015        |2022/01/18|
|Cibola Burn (The Expanse, #4)                                                                                                            |James S.A. Corey        |5        |581          |2014        |2022/01/14|
|Abaddon's Gate (The Expanse, #3)                                                                                                         |James S.A. Corey        |4        |539          |2013        |2022/01/09|
|Jingo (Discworld, #21; City Watch, #4)                                                                                                   |Terry Pratchett         |3        |461          |2006        |2022/01/06|
|The Hogfather                                                                                                                            |Terry Pratchett         |4        |445          |1996        |2022/01/03|
|The Warren Buffett Way: Investment Strategies of the World's Greatest Investor                                                           |Robert G. Hagstrom      |3        |336          |1997        |2021/12/29|
|Will                                                                                                                                     |Will  Smith             |4        |418          |2021        |2021/12/22|
|Breakthrough                                                                                                                             |Marcus Chown            |4        |0            |2021        |2021/12/16|
|Feet of Clay (Discworld, #19; City Watch, #3)                                                                                            |Terry Pratchett         |5        |411          |2005        |2021/12/14|
|Steve Jobs                                                                                                                               |Walter Isaacson         |4        |630          |2011        |2021/12/13|
|Exhalation                                                                                                                               |Ted Chiang              |5        |368          |2019        |2021/12/03|
|Caliban's War (The Expanse, #2)                                                                                                          |James S.A. Corey        |4        |624          |2012        |2021/11/27|
|Following the Phoenix                                                                                                                    |hezzel                  |5        |1042         |2015        |2021/11/27|
|Maskerade (Discworld, #18; Witches, #5)                                                                                                  |Terry Pratchett         |3        |285          |1995        |2021/11/23|
|Interesting Times (Discworld, #17; Rincewind, #5)                                                                                        |Terry Pratchett         |4        |368          |1998        |2021/11/17|
|Immune: a Journey into the Mysterious System that Keeps You Alive                                                                        |Philipp Dettmer         |5        |341          |2021        |2021/11/15|
|Man-Eaters of Kumaon (Oxford India Paperbacks)                                                                                           |Jim Corbett             |2        |228          |2012        |2021/11/04|
|How God Works: The Science Behind the Benefits of Religion                                                                               |David  DeSteno          |4        |256          |2021        |2021/10/22|
|The Making of the Atomic Bomb                                                                                                            |Richard Rhodes          |4        |886          |1995        |2021/10/19|
|Blood, Sweat, and Pixels: The Triumphant, Turbulent Stories Behind How Video Games Are Made                                              |Jason Schreier          |4        |353          |2017        |2021/09/22|
|Genomics: A Very Short Introduction (Very Short Introductions)                                                                           |John M. Archibald       |5        |160          |2018        |2021/09/20|
|The Kubernetes Book: 2024 Edition                                                                                                        |Nigel Poulton           |5        |476          |2017        |2021/09/19|
|Is Einstein Still Right?: Black Holes, Gravitational Waves, and the Quest to Verify Einstein's Greatest Creation                         |Clifford M. Will        |3        |304          |2020        |2021/09/14|
|The Google Story: Inside the Hottest Business, Media and Technology Success of Our Time                                                  |David A. Vise           |5        |336          |2006        |2021/09/09|
|The Torch that Ignites the Stars (Arcane Ascension, #3)                                                                                  |Andrew Rowe             |5        |571          |2020        |2021/09/09|
|The Facebook Effect: The Inside Story of the Company That is Connecting the World                                                        |David   Kirkpatrick     |5        |384          |2010        |2021/09/07|
|Lords and Ladies (Discworld, #14; Witches, #4)                                                                                           |Terry Pratchett         |4        |352          |2005        |2021/09/05|
|The Disappearing Spoon: And Other True Tales of Madness, Love, and the History of the World from the Periodic Table of the Elements      |Sam Kean                |5        |394          |2010        |2021/09/04|
|Moonwalking with Einstein: The Art and Science of Remembering Everything                                                                 |Joshua Foer             |5        |307          |2011        |2021/09/02|
|The Ancestor's Tale: A Pilgrimage to the Dawn of Evolution                                                                               |Richard Dawkins         |4        |688          |2005        |2021/08/30|
|Deep Learning                                                                                                                            |John D. Kelleher        |4        |296          |2019        |2021/08/26|
|The Life-Changing Science of Detecting Bullshit                                                                                          |John V. Petrocelli      |3        |336          |2021        |2021/08/24|
|Witches Abroad (Discworld, #12; Witches, #3)                                                                                             |Terry Pratchett         |4        |374          |2002        |2021/08/24|
|Moving Pictures (Discworld, #10; Industrial Revolution, #1)                                                                              |Terry Pratchett         |3        |396          |2005        |2021/08/20|
|Forces of Nature                                                                                                                         |Brian Cox               |5        |288          |2017        |2021/08/18|
|Moneyball: The Art of Winning an Unfair Game                                                                                             |Michael   Lewis         |5        |317          |2004        |2020/01/28|
|Eric (Discworld, #9; Rincewind, #4)                                                                                                      |Terry Pratchett         |4        |197          |2008        |2021/08/17|
|The Brain: A Very Short Introduction                                                                                                     |Michael O'Shea          |4        |144          |2006        |2021/08/16|
|Your Inner Fish: a Journey into the 3.5-Billion-Year History of the Human Body                                                           |Neil Shubin             |5        |229          |2008        |2021/08/16|
|Sourcery (Discworld, #5; Rincewind, #3)                                                                                                  |Terry Pratchett         |4        |276          |2008        |2021/08/15|
|The Order of Time                                                                                                                        |Carlo Rovelli           |5        |224          |2018        |2021/08/14|
|The Everything Store: Jeff Bezos and the Age of Amazon                                                                                   |Brad Stone              |3        |384          |2013        |2021/08/13|
|The Light Fantastic (Discworld, #2; Rincewind, #2)                                                                                       |Terry Pratchett         |4        |277          |2000        |2021/08/12|
|Deep Work: Rules for Focused Success in a Distracted World                                                                               |Cal Newport             |2        |296          |2016        |2021/08/11|
|Pyramids (Discworld, #7)                                                                                                                 |Terry Pratchett         |3        |341          |2008        |2021/08/11|
|A Random Walk Down Wall Street: The Time-Tested Strategy for Successful Investing                                                        |Burton G. Malkiel       |3        |432          |2019        |2021/08/09|
|Glory to the Brave (Ascend Online #3)                                                                                                    |Luke Chmilenko          |5        |915          |2020        |2021/08/07|
|Legacy of the Fallen (Ascend Online, #2)                                                                                                 |Luke Chmilenko          |5        |852          |2018        |2020/11/05|
|Hell to Pay  (Ascend Online, #1.5)                                                                                                       |Luke Chmilenko          |5        |412          |2017        |2020/11/05|
|Ascend Online (Ascend Online, #1)                                                                                                        |Luke Chmilenko          |5        |642          |2016        |2020/11/03|
|The Color of Magic (Discworld, #1; Rincewind, #1)                                                                                        |Terry Pratchett         |2        |228          |2005        |2021/08/02|
|Outgrowing God: A Beginner’s Guide to Atheism                                                                                            |Richard Dawkins         |3        |304          |2019        |2021/08/01|
|The Curious Incident of the Dog in the Night-Time                                                                                        |Mark Haddon             |2        |226          |2004        |2021/07/29|
|An Appetite for Wonder: The Making of a Scientist                                                                                        |Richard Dawkins         |3        |304          |2013        |2021/07/24|
|Soul Music (Discworld, #16; Death, #3)                                                                                                   |Terry Pratchett         |3        |288          |1999        |2021/07/22|
|The Bell Jar                                                                                                                             |Sylvia Plath            |2        |294          |2006        |2021/07/20|
|The Amazing Maurice and His Educated Rodents (Discworld, #28)                                                                            |Terry Pratchett         |5        |256          |2001        |2021/07/17|
|The Blind Watchmaker: Why the Evidence of Evolution Reveals a Universe Without Design                                                    |Richard Dawkins         |4        |466          |2006        |2021/07/16|
|Men at Arms (Discworld, #15; City Watch, #2)                                                                                             |Terry Pratchett         |5        |377          |2003        |2021/07/14|
|The Magic of Reality: How We Know What's Really True                                                                                     |Richard Dawkins         |4        |271          |2011        |2021/07/13|
|Equal Rites (Discworld, #3; Witches, #1)                                                                                                 |Terry Pratchett         |4        |240          |2005        |2021/07/12|
|Digital Minimalism: Choosing a Focused Life in a Noisy World                                                                             |Cal Newport             |3        |302          |2019        |2021/07/11|
|Reaper Man (Discworld, #11; Death, #2)                                                                                                   |Terry Pratchett         |4        |289          |2005        |2021/07/11|
|The Greatest Show on Earth: The Evidence for Evolution                                                                                   |Richard Dawkins         |5        |470          |2009        |2021/07/09|
|Wyrd Sisters (Discworld, #6; Witches, #2)                                                                                                |Terry Pratchett         |5        |265          |2001        |2021/07/08|
|The Prince                                                                                                                               |Niccolò Machiavelli     |2        |144          |2014        |2021/07/08|
|The Four: The Hidden DNA of Amazon, Apple, Facebook, and Google                                                                          |Scott Galloway          |5        |320          |2017        |2021/07/07|
|Shoe Dog: A Memoir by the Creator of Nike                                                                                                |Phil Knight             |5        |400          |2016        |2021/07/06|
|Small Gods (Discworld, #13)                                                                                                              |Terry Pratchett         |5        |389          |2005        |2021/07/04|
|Guards! Guards! (Discworld, #8; City Watch, #1)                                                                                          |Terry Pratchett         |5        |376          |2001        |2021/07/03|
|Mort (Discworld, #4; Death, #1)                                                                                                          |Terry Pratchett         |5        |243          |2001        |2021/07/02|
|Ignition!: An informal history of liquid rocket propellants                                                                              |John Drury Clark        |3        |214          |1972        |2021/07/01|
|A Man Called Ove                                                                                                                         |Fredrik Backman         |5        |337          |2014        |2021/06/29|
|Money: The True Story of a Made-Up Thing                                                                                                 |Jacob Goldstein         |5        |272          |2020        |2021/06/26|
|The Mother Tongue: English and How It Got That Way                                                                                       |Bill Bryson             |2        |270          |1991        |2021/06/25|
|Getting Things Done: The Art of Stress-Free Productivity                                                                                 |David    Allen          |3        |267          |2002        |2021/06/23|
|Significant Digits                                                                                                                       |Alexander Deebus        |5        |               |              |2021/06/20|
|മനുഷ്യന് ഒരു ആമുഖം                                                                                                                       |Subhash Chandran        |2        |372          |2012        |2021/06/06|
|Flatland: A Romance of Many Dimensions                                                                                                   |Edwin A. Abbott         |4        |96           |1992        |2021/05/30|
|The Fabric of the Cosmos: Space, Time, and the Texture of Reality                                                                        |Brian Greene            |5        |569          |2004        |2021/05/29|
|Master & Commander (Aubrey & Maturin, #1)                                                                                                |Patrick O'Brian         |1        |464          |1990        |2021/05/10|
|Influence: Science and Practice                                                                                                          |Robert B. Cialdini      |5        |262          |2001        |2021/04/14|
|The Midnight Library                                                                                                                     |Matt Haig               |5        |304          |2020        |2021/04/09|
|The God Delusion                                                                                                                         |Richard Dawkins         |5        |374          |2006        |2021/04/07|
|The Body: A Guide for Occupants                                                                                                          |Bill Bryson             |5        |450          |2019        |2021/04/05|
|Breach of Peace (Lawful Times, #1)                                                                                                       |Daniel B. Greene        |4        |98           |2021        |2021/04/01|
|The Psychology of Money                                                                                                                  |Morgan Housel           |4        |252          |2020        |2021/03/26|
|Pale Blue Dot: A Vision of the Human Future in Space                                                                                     |Carl Sagan              |4        |384          |1997        |2021/03/20|
|Range: Why Generalists Triumph in a Specialized World                                                                                    |David   Epstein         |4        |352          |2019        |2021/03/19|
|Death's End (Remembrance of Earth’s Past, #3)                                                                                            |Liu Cixin               |5        |604          |2016        |2021/03/16|
|The Dark Forest (Remembrance of Earth’s Past, #2)                                                                                        |Liu Cixin               |5        |512          |2015        |2021/03/14|
|The Three-Body Problem (Remembrance of Earth’s Past, #1)                                                                                 |Liu Cixin               |5        |472          |2014        |2021/03/13|
|The Epigenetics Revolution                                                                                                               |Nessa Carey             |4        |320          |2011        |2021/03/09|
|Astrophysics for People in a Hurry                                                                                                       |Neil deGrasse Tyson     |3        |223          |2017        |2021/03/04|
|To Sleep in a Sea of Stars (Fractalverse, #1)                                                                                            |Christopher Paolini     |5        |880          |2020        |2021/03/03|
|The Elegant Universe: Superstrings, Hidden Dimensions, and the Quest for the Ultimate Theory                                             |Brian Greene            |5        |464          |2010        |2021/02/26|
|The Original                                                                                                                             |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |4            |2020        |2021/02/13|
|River of Souls                                                                                                                           |Robert Jordan           |5        |17           |2013        |2021/02/13|
|A Memory of Light (The Wheel of Time, #14)                                                                                               |Robert Jordan           |5        |912          |2013        |2021/02/13|
|Towers of Midnight (The Wheel of Time, #13)                                                                                              |Robert Jordan           |5        |863          |2010        |2021/02/10|
|The Gathering Storm (The Wheel of Time, #12)                                                                                             |Robert Jordan           |5        |824          |2009        |2021/02/08|
|Knife of Dreams (The Wheel of Time, #11)                                                                                                 |Robert Jordan           |5        |860          |2006        |2021/02/07|
|Crossroads of Twilight (The Wheel of Time, #10)                                                                                          |Robert Jordan           |3        |704          |2003        |2021/02/06|
|Winter's Heart (The Wheel of Time, #9)                                                                                                   |Robert Jordan           |2        |780          |2002        |2021/02/03|
|The Path of Daggers (The Wheel of Time, #8)                                                                                              |Robert Jordan           |3        |685          |1999        |2021/02/03|
|A Crown of Swords (The Wheel of Time, #7)                                                                                                |Robert Jordan           |3        |880          |1997        |2021/02/01|
|Lord of Chaos (The Wheel of Time, #6)                                                                                                    |Robert Jordan           |5        |1011         |1995        |2021/01/31|
|The Fires of Heaven (The Wheel of Time, #5)                                                                                              |Robert Jordan           |4        |912          |1994        |2021/01/29|
|The Shadow Rising (The Wheel of Time, #4)                                                                                                |Robert Jordan           |5        |1007         |1993        |2021/01/27|
|The Dragon Reborn (The Wheel of Time #3)                                                                                                 |Robert Jordan           |5        |624          |2002        |2021/01/26|
|The Great Hunt (The Wheel of Time #2)                                                                                                    |Robert Jordan           |5        |705          |1991        |2021/01/24|
|The Eye of the World (The Wheel of Time, #1)                                                                                             |Robert Jordan           |5        |800          |1990        |2021/01/14|
|New Spring (The Wheel of Time, #0)                                                                                                       |Robert Jordan           |3        |423          |2004        |2021/01/08|
|The Alpha Enigma (Team Psi, #1)                                                                                                          |W. Michael Gear         |5        |452          |2020        |2021/01/05|
|Leviathan Wakes (The Expanse, #1)                                                                                                        |James S.A. Corey        |5        |592          |2011        |2020/12/31|
|Lord of the Flies                                                                                                                        |William Golding         |2        |182          |1999        |2020/12/27|
|Going Solo (Roald Dahl's Autobiography, #2)                                                                                              |Roald Dahl              |3        |209          |2001        |2020/12/22|
|In Search of Schrödinger's Cat: Quantum Physics and Reality                                                                              |John Gribbin            |4        |320          |1984        |2020/12/24|
|Unreconciled (Donovan Book, #4)                                                                                                          |W. Michael Gear         |4        |488          |2020        |2020/12/27|
|Boy: Tales of Childhood (Roald Dahl's Autobiography, #1)                                                                                 |Roald Dahl              |3        |176          |2001        |2020/12/21|
|The Gene: An Intimate History                                                                                                            |Siddhartha Mukherjee    |5        |592          |2016        |2020/12/18|
|Kane & Abel (Kane & Abel, #1)                                                                                                            |Jeffrey Archer          |4        |592          |2004        |2020/12/09|
|Shadows for Silence in the Forests of Hell                                                                                               |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |50           |2013        |2020/12/05|
|The Emperor's Soul (The Cosmere)                                                                                                         |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |192          |2012        |2020/12/05|
|Rhythm of War (The Stormlight Archive, #4)                                                                                               |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |1219         |2020        |2020/12/03|
|Dawnshard (The Stormlight Archive, #3.5)                                                                                                 |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |171          |2020        |2020/12/01|
|Oathbringer (The Stormlight Archive, #3)                                                                                                 |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |1243         |2017        |2019/12/25|
|Words of Radiance (The Stormlight Archive, #2)                                                                                           |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |1087         |2014        |2019/12/25|
|The Way of Kings (The Stormlight Archive, #1)                                                                                            |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |1007         |2010        |2019/12/25|
|Heaven's River (Bobiverse, #4)                                                                                                           |Dennis E. Taylor        |5        |17           |2020        |2020/11/18|
|Lies of the Beholder (Legion, #3)                                                                                                        |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |148          |2018        |2020/11/14|
|Skin Deep (Legion, #2)                                                                                                                   |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |208          |2014        |2020/11/14|
|Legion (Legion, #1)                                                                                                                      |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |88           |2012        |2020/11/14|
|A Change of Plans                                                                                                                        |Dennis E. Taylor        |5        |30           |2019        |2020/11/14|
|Dune (Dune, #1)                                                                                                                          |Frank Herbert           |3        |658          |2019        |2020/11/14|
|The Alchemist                                                                                                                            |Paulo Coelho            |1        |182          |2014        |2020/11/10|
|Stories of Your Life and Others                                                                                                          |Ted Chiang              |5        |281          |2010        |2020/11/07|
|Jumper (Jumper, #1)                                                                                                                      |Steven Gould            |5        |345          |2002        |2020/11/01|
|Rich Dad, Poor Dad                                                                                                                       |Robert T. Kiyosaki      |5        |195          |2001        |2020/10/25|
|Diamantine (Weapons and Wielders, #2)                                                                                                    |Andrew Rowe             |5        |498          |2020        |2020/10/09|
|Six Sacred Swords (Weapons and Wielders, #1)                                                                                             |Andrew Rowe             |5        |331          |2019        |2020/10/07|
|On the Shoulders of Titans (Arcane Ascension, #2)                                                                                        |Andrew Rowe             |5        |742          |2018        |2019/12/25|
|Sufficiently Advanced Magic (Arcane Ascension, #1)                                                                                       |Andrew Rowe             |5        |625          |2017        |2019/12/25|
|Defying Destiny (The War of Broken Mirrors, #3)                                                                                          |Andrew Rowe             |5        |426          |2019        |2020/10/02|
|Stealing Sorcery (The War of Broken Mirrors, #2)                                                                                         |Andrew Rowe             |5        |621          |2016        |2020/10/02|
|Forging Divinity (The War of Broken Mirrors, #1)                                                                                         |Andrew Rowe             |5        |295          |2015        |2020/01/06|
|Freakonomics: A Rogue Economist Explores the Hidden Side of Everything                                                                   |Steven D. Levitt        |5        |268          |2006        |2020/07/31|
|Churchill's Secret War: The British Empire and the Ravaging of India During World War II                                                 |Madhusree Mukerjee      |5        |0            |2010        |2020/07/30|
|The Hope of Elantris (Elantris, #1.5)                                                                                                    |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |25           |2006        |2020/07/17|
|21 Lessons for the 21st Century                                                                                                          |Yuval Noah Harari       |4        |372          |2018        |2020/07/17|
|Seveneves                                                                                                                                |Neal Stephenson         |2        |872          |2015        |2020/06/18|
|Dark Matter                                                                                                                              |Blake Crouch            |5        |352          |2016        |2020/05/07|
|Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future                                                                               |Peter Thiel             |4        |195          |2014        |2020/03/28|
|The Dilbert Principle: A Cubicle's-Eye View of Bosses, Meetings, Management Fads & Other Workplace Afflictions                           |Scott Adams             |4        |336          |1997        |2020/03/12|
|Elon Musk: Tesla, SpaceX, and the Quest for a Fantastic Future                                                                           |Ashlee Vance            |5        |392          |2015        |2020/03/09|
|Why We Sleep: Unlocking the Power of Sleep and Dreams                                                                                    |Matthew Walker          |4        |368          |2017        |2020/02/29|
|Children Of The Deterrent (Halfhero #1)                                                                                                  |Ian W. Sainsbury        |3        |356          |2017        |2020/02/10|
|Heroes: Mortals and Monsters, Quests and Adventures (Stephen Fry's Great Mythology, #2)                                                  |Stephen Fry             |5        |415          |2018        |2020/02/09|
|80/20 Your Life! How To Get More Done With Less Effort And Change Your Life In The Process!                                              |Damon Zahariades        |2        |180          |2018        |2020/02/09|
|The Complete Sherlock Holmes                                                                                                             |Arthur Conan Doyle      |5        |1796         |1986        |2014/01/01|
|The Singularity Trap                                                                                                                     |Dennis E. Taylor        |5        |12           |2018        |2020/01/31|
|"Surely You're Joking, Mr. Feynman!": Adventures of a Curious Character                                                                  |Richard P. Feynman      |5        |400          |2018        |2020/01/30|
|A Briefer History of Time                                                                                                                |Stephen Hawking         |5        |176          |2005        |2020/01/29|
|Massive Life Success: Live A Stress-Free Life And Achieve Your Goals By Dealing With Anxiety, Stress And Fear                            |Darius Foroux           |2        |137          |2015        |2020/01/29|
|1984                                                                                                                                     |George Orwell           |3        |298          |2013        |2020/01/29|
|The Fault in Our Stars                                                                                                                   |John Green              |5        |313          |2012        |2020/01/27|
|The Perks of Being a Wallflower                                                                                                          |Stephen Chbosky         |5        |213          |1999        |2020/01/27|
|A History of the World                                                                                                                   |Andrew Marr             |4        |614          |2012        |2020/01/26|
|The Unnamed Way (The World Walker #4)                                                                                                    |Ian W. Sainsbury        |3        |348          |2017        |2020/01/25|
|The Seventeenth Year (The World Walker #3)                                                                                               |Ian W. Sainsbury        |5        |366          |2017        |2020/01/25|
|The Unmaking Engine (The World Walker, #2)                                                                                               |Ian W. Sainsbury        |5        |394          |2016        |2020/01/24|
|The World Walker (The World Walker, #1)                                                                                                  |Ian W. Sainsbury        |5        |440          |2016        |2020/01/23|
|Guns, Germs, and Steel: The Fates of Human Societies                                                                                     |Jared Diamond           |3        |498          |2005        |2020/01/22|
|Speed Reading: How to Double (or Triple) Your Reading Speed in Just 1 Hour!                                                              |Justin Hammond          |4        |74           |2013        |2020/01/22|
|Do It Today: Overcome Procrastination, Improve Productivity, and Achieve More Meaningful Things                                          |Darius Foroux           |5        |171          |2018        |2020/01/21|
|Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep?                                                                                                     |Philip K. Dick          |3        |258          |2008        |2020/01/19|
|A Brief History of Time                                                                                                                  |Stephen Hawking         |5        |226          |1998        |2020/01/19|
|Pariah (Donovan Trilogy #3)                                                                                                              |W. Michael Gear         |5        |492          |2019        |2020/01/18|
|Homo Deus: A History of Tomorrow                                                                                                         |Yuval Noah Harari       |4        |450          |2017        |2020/01/17|
|Think Straight: Change Your Thoughts, Change Your Life                                                                                   |Darius Foroux           |3        |101          |2017        |2020/01/16|
|Creativity, Inc.: Overcoming the Unseen Forces That Stand in the Way of True Inspiration                                                 |Ed Catmull              |4        |368          |2014        |2020/01/16|
|Learning How to Fly: Life Lessons for the Youth                                                                                          |A.P.J. Abdul Kalam      |3        |134          |2016        |2020/01/15|
|Declutter Your Mind: How to Stop Worrying, Relieve Anxiety, and Eliminate Negative Thinking                                              |S.J. Scott              |3        |157          |2016        |2020/01/14|
|Ringworld (Ringworld, #1)                                                                                                                |Larry Niven             |3        |288          |2005        |2020/01/14|
|Norse Mythology                                                                                                                          |Neil Gaiman             |5        |301          |2018        |2020/01/13|
|Pride and Prejudice                                                                                                                      |Jane Austen             |1        |279          |2000        |2020/01/13|
|The Subtle Art of Not Giving a F*ck: A Counterintuitive Approach to Living a Good Life                                                   |Mark Manson             |3        |212          |2016        |2020/01/11|
|The Burning White (Lightbringer, #5)                                                                                                     |Brent Weeks             |5        |960          |2019        |2020/01/11|
|Defending Elysium                                                                                                                        |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |43           |2008        |2020/01/06|
|The Humans                                                                                                                               |Matt Haig               |5        |304          |2013        |2020/01/05|
|A Short History of Nearly Everything                                                                                                     |Bill Bryson             |4        |544          |2004        |2020/01/05|
|Mitosis (The Reckoners, #1.5)                                                                                                            |Brandon Sanderson       |3        |55           |2013        |2019/12/25|
|Mythos: The Greek Myths Retold (Stephen Fry's Great Mythology, #1)                                                                       |Stephen Fry             |5        |416          |2017        |2020/01/01|
|Sprint: How to Solve Big Problems and Test New Ideas in Just Five Days                                                                   |Jake Knapp              |5        |274          |2016        |2019/01/01|
|Calamity (Reckoners, #3)                                                                                                                 |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |424          |2016        |2019/12/25|
|Firefight (The Reckoners, #2)                                                                                                            |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |416          |2015        |2019/12/25|
|Steelheart (The Reckoners, #1)                                                                                                           |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |386          |2013        |2019/12/25|
|The Blood Mirror (Lightbringer, #4)                                                                                                      |Brent Weeks             |5        |704          |2016        |2019/12/25|
|The Broken Eye (Lightbringer, #3)                                                                                                        |Brent Weeks             |5        |846          |2014        |2019/12/25|
|The Blinding Knife (Lightbringer, #2)                                                                                                    |Brent Weeks             |5        |671          |2012        |2019/12/25|
|The Black Prism (Lightbringer, #1)                                                                                                       |Brent Weeks             |5        |629          |2010        |2019/12/25|
|Console Wars: Sega, Nintendo, and the Battle that Defined a Generation                                                                   |Blake J. Harris         |5        |576          |2014        |2019/12/25|
|The Hero of Ages (Mistborn, #3)                                                                                                          |Brandon Sanderson       |4        |572          |2008        |2019/12/25|
|The Well of Ascension (Mistborn, #2)                                                                                                     |Brandon Sanderson       |4        |578          |2007        |2019/12/25|
|The Final Empire (Mistborn, #1)                                                                                                          |Brandon Sanderson       |4        |537          |2006        |2019/12/25|
|Six Sacred Swords (Weapons and Wielders, #1)                                                                                             |Andrew Rowe             |5        |329          |2019        |2019/12/25|
|The Bands of Mourning (Mistborn, #6)                                                                                                     |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |448          |2016        |2019/12/25|
|Shadows of Self (Mistborn, #5)                                                                                                           |Brandon Sanderson       |4        |383          |2015        |2019/12/25|
|Warbreaker (Warbreaker, #1)                                                                                                              |Brandon Sanderson       |3        |688          |2009        |2019/12/25|
|The Alloy of Law (Mistborn, #4)                                                                                                          |Brandon Sanderson       |4        |332          |2011        |2019/12/25|
|Elantris (Elantris, #1)                                                                                                                  |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |638          |2006        |2019/12/25|
|Out of Spite, Out of Mind (Magic 2 #5)                                                                                                 |Scott  Meyer            |4        |8            |2018        |2019/12/25|
|Virga: Cities of the Air (Virga, #1-2)                                                                                                   |Karl Schroeder          |3        |592          |2010        |2019/12/25|
|Pirate Sun (Virga, #3)                                                                                                                   |Karl Schroeder          |3        |320          |2008        |2019/12/25|
|Queen of Candesce (Virga, #2)                                                                                                            |Karl Schroeder          |3        |336          |2007        |2019/12/25|
|Sun of Suns (Virga, #1)                                                                                                                  |Karl Schroeder          |4        |318          |2006        |2019/12/25|
|The Rithmatist (The Rithmatist #1)                                                                                                       |Brandon Sanderson       |5        |386          |2014        |2019/12/25|
|Edgedancer (The Stormlight Archive, #2.5)                                                                                                |Brandon Sanderson       |3        |272          |2017        |2019/12/25|
|Mistborn Trilogy Boxed Set (Mistborn, #1-3)                                                                                              |Brandon Sanderson       |4        |2176         |2009        |2019/12/25|
|The Sunless Countries (Virga, #4)                                                                                                        |Karl Schroeder          |3        |335          |2009        |2019/12/25|
|The Gripping Hand (Moties, #2)                                                                                                           |Larry Niven             |3        |413          |1994        |2019/12/25|
|The Slow Regard of Silent Things (The Kingkiller Chronicle, #2.5)                                                                        |Patrick Rothfuss        |3        |159          |2014        |2019/12/25|
|The Mote in God's Eye (Moties #1)                                                                                                        |Larry Niven             |4        |560          |2011        |2019/07/23|
|Daedalus (Interstellar Cargo #2)                                                                                                         |Matt Verish             |5        |302          |2016        |2018/12/30|
|How to Invent Everything: Rebuild All of Civilization (with 96% fewer catastrophes this time)                                            |Ryan North              |5        |463          |2018        |2018/12/14|
