---
layout: post
title: "Recipes"
date: 2024-02-03 00:00:00 +0530
tags: blog
---

<details>
    <summary>Chicken Alfredo</summary>

This isn't your pristine alfredo, this is bastardized for tricking you into thinking its healthy by dumping some veggies in it. Bite me.

## Ingredients

- Chicken breast
- Penne pasta
- Chicken stock (This is bastardized, get all the way off my back about it)
- Garlic
- Veggies (Any that you like)
    - Brocolli
    - Cherry Tomatoes
    - Pepper
    - Carrots
    - Cucumber
    - Spinach
    - Mushrooms
- Good parmesan cheese
- Fresh cream
- Milk

## Process

- Clean chicken breast, pat it dry and add black pepper and salt on both sides. Keep it aside to marinate for a bit.
- Prep all veggies, blanch any like brocolli that require it.
- Add a layer of neutral oil in a sort of deep dish and put your chicken breasts whole in it. Get both sides properly roasted.
    - Pro Tip: Lower heat and close the lid to get juicier chicken 
    - Pro Tip: Once chicken is done, take it off the heat and cover it so that it will steam in its own heat to get juicy interior and crispy exterior.
- Heat chicken stock, or if you're a puritan, water with salt once boiling and add penne in it.
- While the pasta is going, add butter to the pan you made chicken in, add in garlic and get all that fond off the bottom, its flavour city in there, dont let it goto waste.
    - At this point if you're a puritan and don't want to add any veggies make a roux with a bit of flour, and then add milk/cream etc once roux is done and ignore all veggie stuff
- Add in veggies according to how much time they need. Cherry tomatoes first, then mushrooms, then most others
- Once the veggies are mostly done, add in a dash of milk, and a lot of fresh cream.
- Grate in good parmesan cheese on it, and add some of the pasta water.
- You're looking for a sort of consistency were if you wipe the sauce away with the finger, the line remains sharp on the ladle and doesn't immediatley get filled in.
    - Here you need to keep an eye on the sauce, if its too thick or splits, add some water/pasta water to re-emulsify it.
- Once pasta is al dente, add it into your sauce and cook it there till its done.
- You know the chicken that you'd kept aside to steam, cut it into strips.
- Plate the pasta and plate the chicken on top of the pasta.

</details>

